README.adoc, before:

:imagesdir: .github/resources

= Biosphere

The Repo will grow a simulated eco system where agents will adapt to survive and prosper.

image::screenshot.png[align="center"]

== Goals

- [x] Implement basic world generation.
- [ ] Implement basic _laws of nature_
- [ ] Develop feature set for creatures
- [ ] Look into and implement https://towardsdatascience.com/neat-an-awesome-approach-to-neuroevolution-3eca5cc7930f[NEAT]

== Usage

Run `lein figwheel` in your terminal. Wait for a while until you see `Successfully compiled "resources/public/js/main.js"`. Open [localhost:3449](http://localhost:3449) in your browser.

You can use this while developing your sketch. Whenever you save your source files the browser will automatically refresh everything, providing you with quick feedback. For more information about Figwheel, check the [Figwheel repository on GitHub](https://github.com/bhauman/lein-figwheel).

== Publishing your sketch

Before you publish your sketch, run `lein do clean, cljsbuild once optimized`. This will compile your code and run Google Closure Compiler with advanced optimizations. Take `resources/public/index.html` and `resources/public/js/main.js` and upload them to server of your choice.

== License

Copyright © 2020 Björn Ebbinghaus

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License either version 1.0 or (at
your option) any later version.

Commit message:

Update README for figwheel-main

README.adoc, after:

:imagesdir: .github/resources

= Biosphere

The Repo will grow a simulated eco system where agents will adapt to survive and prosper.

image::screenshot.png[align="center"]

== Goals

- [x] Implement basic world generation.
- [ ] Implement basic _laws of nature_
- [ ] Develop feature set for creatures
- [ ] Look into and implement https://towardsdatascience.com/neat-an-awesome-approach-to-neuroevolution-3eca5cc7930f[NEAT]

== Usage

Run `lein fig:dev` in your terminal. Wait for a while until you see `Successfully compiled "target/public/cljs-out/biosphere-main.js"`.

You can use this while developing your sketch. Whenever you save your source files the browser will automatically refresh everything, providing you with quick feedback. .

== Publishing your sketch

Before you publish your sketch, run `lein do clean, fig:publish`. This will compile your code and run Google Closure Compiler with advanced optimizations. Take `resources/public/index.html` and `target/public/cljs-out/biosphere-main.js` and upload them to server of your choice.

== License

Copyright © 2020 Björn Ebbinghaus

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License either version 1.0 or (at
your option) any later version.
